Privacy Policy


Please carefully read the Privacy Policy (especially the bold content) and make sure to understand our rules for handling your personal information. If you have any questions during the reading process, you can consult us through the contact information in the Privacy Policy.

Introduction
We attach great importance to the privacy and personal information protection of users. When you use our products and/or services, we may collect and process your relevant information. We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect, use, save, share, and transfer this information when you use our products and/or services, as well as the ways we provide you with access, update, delete, and protect this information.

This privacy policy is closely related to the platform services you use and the various business functions included in the services (hereinafter collectively referred to as "our products and/or services"). We hope that you carefully read and confirm that you have fully understood the content stated in this policy before using our products and/or services, and that you can make the appropriate choices according to the guidance of this privacy policy. We strive to express the relevant terms involved in this privacy policy in a concise and concise manner for your better understanding. If you use or continue to use our products and/or services for more than 15 days after we update this privacy policy (we will promptly notify you of any updates), and you do not contact us through appropriate means and express the opposite opinion, it means that you agree to the content of this privacy policy (including updated versions) and agree to our collection and processing of your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy.

If you have any questions, objections, comments, suggestions, concerns, complaints or reports regarding this privacy policy or related matters, you can contact us at any time through official customer service.

Personal information refers to various types of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can individually or in combination with other information identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person. The personal information involved in this privacy policy includes but is not limited to: basic information; You are required to authorize us to collect and use your personal information: Our products and/or services include core business functions and additional functions, among which the core functions include the functions necessary to achieve online shopping, improve our products and/or services, and ensure transaction security. We may collect and use the following information related to you in order to achieve the above functions. If you do not provide relevant information, you will not be able to enjoy the core products and/or services we provide.

We will use the collected personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy and to achieve the functionality of our products and/or services. After collecting your personal information, we will use technical means to deidentify the data, and the deidentified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that in this case, we have the right to use the information that has been de identified; We have the right to analyze and commercialize the user database without disclosing your personal information.

Please note that all personal information provided by you when using our products and/or services, unless you delete or refuse our collection through system settings, will continue to be authorized for use by us during your use of our products and/or services. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations.

We attach great importance to personal information security and take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will take appropriate and industry standard security measures and technical means to protect your personal information, including but not limited to establishing strict internal information management processes, encrypting data, assigning responsibilities, organizing security and privacy protection training courses, Strengthen employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information, control access permissions, and take security measures to prevent its loss, illegal use, unauthorized access or leakage, tampering or destruction.

We attach great importance to your attention to personal information and make every effort to protect your rights to access, correct, delete, and withdraw your consent to personal information, so that you have sufficient ability to safeguard your privacy and security. Your rights include: access and correction of your personal information: except as required by laws and regulations, you have the right to access and correct your personal information (except for those authorized or associated with third-party accounts), shipping information, order information, comment information, etc. at any time in the personal center "My". Personal information that you are unable to access and correct: In addition to the information listed above, we are unable to provide access and correction services for some of your personal information. This information is mainly collected to improve your user experience and ensure transaction security, as well as personal information generated by your use of additional features. The above information will be used within your authorized scope, and you cannot access or correct it. However, you can contact us to delete or anonymize it.

To provide you with better services and as your business develops, this privacy policy will also be updated accordingly. But without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy. We will issue updated versions on the website and mobile devices, and notify you of relevant content updates through website announcements or other appropriate means before they take effect. Please also visit us to stay updated on the latest privacy policies.

We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain written consent from your parent or legal guardian before using our products and/or services. Protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.

Special reminder: This Privacy Policy will officially come into effect on the date of its release. Unless the platform makes adjustments to this suspected policy and releases new privacy policies in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and platform operations, this Privacy Policy will remain in effect.
